hello and welcome to this segment of
mobile tech videos this is Josh also
known as connection 2005 on the XDA
developers forum today we'll be talking
about Odin 1 click download and how to
revert back to stock for Android 2.1 and
2.2 on the Samsung Captivate today we'll
be working with a Samsung Captivate bill
number 1008 it's an 18 T model it's
currently running cognition 2.3 bit 8 in
stock form from you know fresh out of
the box from the ROM little to no
applications before you watch this video
it is recommended that you watch the
titanium backup series in which I
explain to you how to backup your user
applications and data if you know how to
do that then we can proceed at this time
the first thing we need to do is ensure
our phone is in debugging mode so click
settings the bottomleft settings is the
option applications development check
the box for USB debugging make sure it
has a green check prompt will issue if
it isn't say ok and we can go back home
so I'll let you get caught up with that
and then we'll go to the next step ok
once we have gotten our phone into USB
debugging mode we can talk about the
odin one-click files that provided for
you in the more info section at the
bottom you can download either 2.1 or 2
points you Odin one click today we'll be
reverting to Odin one-click 2.1 which is
the jf6 build so we're gonna go ahead
and open that file ok once we have it
open we can connect our phone this
method will be talking about the sdk
tools if you are unfamiliar with sdk
tools please see my video on how to
download the sdk tools and how to do
basic commands with them as they'll be
needed in this slide it's actually very
easy so don't worry about too much
command line what we want to do now is
confirm that we have connected to our
device so we're gonna pull up a command
prompt and change directories to
STK falls are ours are under root see
Android SDK - Windows and then tools for
the ADB function from here we want to do
an ADB space devices this shows that our
captivate is indeed connected as we can
see there with the device ID so go ahead
and do that verify that it is connected
and we'll go to the next step okay once
we've verified our device by using the
ADB devices command we want to switch
back over to the Odin one click
well notice it says added however we're
not quite ready to start this process we
need to issue one more command at this
time I want to stress again how
important it is to make sure that
anything you need is backed up such as
applications and user data the following
will wipe your applications it will not
wipe things on the internal sd card but
it will wipe all applications and
anything in the system folders the data
folders and the bin folders so once we
verified that we can issue our ADB
reboot download command so now issue the
command adb space reboot space download
now we'll do a side-by-side here and
press Enter the command issues and the
phone and there's download mode switch
back to Odin one-click downloader and in
a moment it will remove and then re-add
the device so we'll wait that there's
the remove and there is the riad
whenever you guys will get a comport
there it is we're on comm 13 so set the
phone down and now we can press the
start button when we do that we'll start
to get the dialog messages for what's
going on and notice that on the phone
and one of the messages is do not turn
off target don't turn off the PC or the
phone at this time the phone's being
powered by the computer so there's no
worry about low battery there but do try
to make sure you have your PC plug in at
this time so I got the green status bar
going across there once that's complete
the phone will reboot and begin to
launch the stock Android 2.1
at this time we've successfully flashed
back to stock we'll go over a few things
here in a second so much get caught up
and run the one click and I'll see you
at the next clip okay once your phone
has booted back up if it's still plugged
in you're going to set the MTP
application launches that means that's
the default setting if you want to turn
that off you can go back into settings
applications development and re-enable
USB debugging and say ok you can close
anything on a computer side in the back
if you'd like so close those anyway so
we'll go back to the phone go home will
notice that the phone is completely back
to stop just the way it came out of the
box if we go to my files we'll notice
that as mentioned before none of the
files that are on the internal sd card
actually got changed only the system
directories were rerouted what all of
our applications are gone
as mentioned so you'll need to use
titanium backup to restore those once a
game I have the titanium application
video tutorial on this channel as well
so what we want to do to verify all this
is click settings then the settings
option scroll up click about phone and
we can see that we've got our firmware
version 2.1 update 1 the baseband is the
jf6 which that's the modem it comes with
build numbers Eclair and we're running
two point six point two nine on the
kernel version so this pretty much
confirms that we have completed the
reversion back to stock this is a great
method to use to start over it's the
method recommended to wrong a new ROM
you always want to start from stock or
if you're just looking to sell your
phone and put it back to the out of the
box condition then this is highly
recommended so now that we've seen how
to do that feel free to post up or
comment on this video with any questions
or comments you may have you can visit
xda-developers for more support on
operations such as this and feel free to
browse any of the other videos I have
available I appreciate you for stopping
by and good luck